city form held the long-awaited
evening of dating this special evening
was organized by the leading project come on with
marry you to help
lonely portland residents find their
second half
hello dear viewers today
that day has come
which we all waited right come on
get married today make a special
evening for all singles
so that after this evening everyone is alone
found your happiness on our project and on
This is because the cozy restaurant Uzbekistan was
filled with lonely people and sport is necessary
if I reduce the staff we wish you happiness and good luck
soul but
passport
tore off
will rushanovna
well gathered here residents of portland
first time do not repent such an event
very nice to have such
the organizers are like taisa which
could all gather together and how well
would give the opportunity to meet
meet a little closer well and maybe
be what they say is not joking can someone
and meet i think for this we are here and
gathered to have the opportunity to somehow
meet someone i think is u
all one and the same goal has united us
and it would be nice if people are a little bit
more relaxed feel well these
Complexes give a little avoid
relax
nowhere notorious good evening
My name is Larisa. I am very grateful that
our leading mission and Olga did this
wonderful evening and I hope that he
will bring us a lot of joy and big
blessings and many have gathered here
women girls men and guys who
came to look for your happiness and I always
saying that women are every attack
individuality and it's like flowers and especially
many flowers and it is necessary that a man found
own flower which belongs
the skull continued with fun games and
contests and of course beautiful
singing now I want to approach each of
you and everyone should give your name
Sasha
I remember was recorded in my Vladimir and
wrong quarrel
he has two american names then
captivity galina vera olya raisa
if someone did not hear after dating
all participants had the opportunity
share and tell interesting
case of his life
I recently published two stories
my life and told my friends
too, which I think is a very interesting
one of them was recently produced
Olympiad in Sochi one of them was
Olympiad time in Moscow
my mother and I rested at that time in Odessa
and rented an apartment from them older people
and
the apartment was on the seventh and to the neck
when the Olympic Games were started opening
we sat mean so sat down solemnly and
just started the opening of the Olympiad suddenly
on the balcony
started the curtain stirred oh
the girl entered the room now we want
wish happy birthday to us
Today there is one birthday girl and her name is
and katerina katerina please stand up
everybody welcome her wish you
tremendous happiness
next evening leading the project
plans to hold at the end of June